gh-99947: Ensure unreported error is chained for SystemError during import (#99946)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2022-12-02-09-31-19.gh-issue-99947.Ski7OC.rst

> SystemErrors on import now chain the original unexpected exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raising SystemError on import will now have its cause be set to the original unexpected exception.
```
